[OCPBUGS-15211]: Steps to disable autoscalers (#61853)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deleting-cluster-autoscaler.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/applying-autoscaling.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="deleting-cluster-autoscaler_{context}"]
= Disabling the cluster autoscaler

To disable the cluster autoscaler, you delete the corresponding `ClusterAutoscaler` resource.

[NOTE]
====
Disabling the cluster autoscaler disables autoscaling on the cluster, even if the cluster has existing machine autoscalers.
====

.Procedure

. List the `ClusterAutoscaler` resource for the cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get ClusterAutoscaler
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME      AGE
default   42m
----

. Optional: Create a YAML file backup of the `ClusterAutoscaler` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get ClusterAutoscaler/<cluster_autoscaler_name> \//<1>
  -o yaml> <cluster_autoscaler_name_backup>.yaml //<2>
----
<1> `<cluster_autoscaler_name>` is the name of the CR that you want to delete.
<2> `<cluster_autoscaler_name_backup>` is the name for the backup of the CR.

. Delete the `ClusterAutoscaler` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc delete ClusterAutoscaler/<cluster_autoscaler_name>

Reviewer: May we can set `<cluster_autoscaler_name>` to `default` directly, as in cluster there can only be one clusterautoscaler and the name can only be default.

Author: Yes, I think that makes a lot of sense! Thanks for the suggestion :)

----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
clusterautoscaler.autoscaling.openshift.io "default" deleted
----

.Verification

* To verify that the cluster autoscaler is disabled, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get ClusterAutoscaler
----
+
.Expected output
[source,terminal]
----
No resources found
----

.Next steps

> * Disabling the cluster autoscaler by deleting the `ClusterAutoscaler` CR prevents the cluster from autoscaling, but does not delete any existing machine autoscalers on the cluster. To clean up unneeded machine autoscalers, see "Disabling a machine autoscaler".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Disabling the cluster autoscaler by deleting the `ClusterAutoscaler` CR prevents the cluster from autoscaling but does not delete any existing machine autoscalers on the cluster. To clean up unneeded machine autoscalers, see "Disabling a machine autoscaler".
```
- Tiny little nit: no comma needed before a subordinating conjunction.

> * If you need to reenable the cluster autoscaler, use the `<cluster_autoscaler_name_backup>.yaml` backup file and follow the instructions in "Deploying a cluster autoscaler".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you need to re-enable the cluster autoscaler, use the `<cluster_autoscaler_name_backup>.yaml` backup file and follow the instructions in "Deploying a cluster autoscaler".
```

The more common usage in the rest of the OCP docs is `re-enable` with a hyphen.
